chore: add PR template (#1045)
temporalio/cli: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Related issues

<!-- Closes #123 -->

## What changed?

<!-- Describe what this PR does at a high level. -->

## Checklist

> <!-- Remove items that don't apply to this PR -->

Reviewer: Maybe worth saying something like "Consider giving this checklist to an AI agent before opening your PR"?

> <!-- Remove items that don't apply to this PR -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Your PR should satisfy all these requirements. However, feel free to remove items that don't apply to the PR. -->
```

**Stability**
- [ ] Breaking changes are marked with 💥 in the PR title and release notes
- [ ] Changes to JSON output (`-o json` / `-o jsonl`) are treated as breaking changes

**Design**

> - [ ] This feature only uses APIs exposed by the OSS server (no Cloud-specific behavior)

Reviewer: This gives the impression that Temporal has a bunch of Cloud-only features, but that's not really true. Can you find a wording that is a bit more explicit about what this is guarding against?

> - [ ] New commands follow noun→verb structure (`temporal <resource> <action>`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] New commands follow `temporal <noun> <verb>` structure (e.g. `temporal workflow start`)
```

> - [ ] New flags are named after the API concept, not the implementation mechanism

Reviewer: "good: XXX, bad: YYY" examples would help here

- [ ] New flags don't duplicate an existing flag that serves the same purpose
- [ ] New flags do not have short aliases without strong justification
- [ ] Experimental features are marked with `(Experimental)` in `commands.yaml`

**Help text** (see style guide at the top of `commands.yaml`)
- [ ] All flags shown in help text and examples are implemented and functional

> - [ ] Summaries use sentence case, don't reword the command name, and have no trailing period

Reviewer: > don't reword the command name

Does this mean

> Don't pointlessly come up with a less-good synonym just in order to avoid using the same word

or

> Don't use the same word

? As you can tell I'm a bit torn on this commandment.

- [ ] Long descriptions end with a period and include at least one example invocation
- [ ] Examples use long flags (`--namespace`, not `-n`), one flag per line
- [ ] Placeholder values use `YourXxx` form (`YourWorkflowId`, `YourNamespace`)

**Behavior**

> - [ ] Results go to stdout; errors and diagnostics go to stderr

Reviewer: I'm not sure people will know what a  "diagnostic" is. Mention warnings? Say "error messages"?

- [ ] Error messages are lowercase with no trailing punctuation

**Tests**
- [ ] Added functional test(s) (`SharedServerSuite`)
- [ ] Added unit test(s) (`func TestXxx`) where applicable

> ## Manual tests

Reviewer: I feel like we need to say something here like "edit the code samples below to provide setup and happy-path and error-path manual testing instructions"
